{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 ComicSansMS;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green0\blue63;
\red53\green53\blue53;\red95\green15\blue55;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20840\viewh10820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why I\'92m a White Supremacist:\

\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \'97\'97\'97\'97\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 A vast number of blacks in this nation have adopted a victim mentality.
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 They claim is they are unable to rise in the financial spectrum because the whites are oppressing them from every angle.
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Many have the audacity to generalize almost entire race as being biased.\

\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Seldom do they look back into true history and realize that it was 
\i whites
\i0  who freed the slaves. 
\i Whites
\i0  gave blacks rights.
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\i \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Whites
\i0  are not superior by definition, as that would be racist, but they are superior by choice.\'a0
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 They rise above a life of mediocrity and violence and choose to become better.
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Every caucasian civilization across the globe is developed and comfortable. They have world class universities and admirable legal systems that actually function.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 Blacks in this country represent right around 10% of the total American population yet they are responsible for 1/3 of the crime. According to the numbers, black people commit 3x as many crimes as other races.\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \'97\'97\'97\'97\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The definition of racism is believing that a particular race is higher quality, or higher in position to another. 
\i Whites
\i0  are in fact, generally, in much higher positions than blacks so to dispute the validity of racism is to dispute the fact that white civilization is better than every other.
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf4 \

\f2\fs20 \cf6 \cb3 \strokec6 \'a0
\f3 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}